About remote repositories
En este artículo
About remote repositories
Creating remote repositories
Choosing a URL for your remote repository
Cloning with HTTPS URLs
Cloning with SSH URLs
Cloning with GitHub CLI
Cloning with Subversion
GitHub's collaborative approach to development depends on publishing commits from your local repository to GitHub for other people to view, fetch, and update.

An HTTPS URL like https://github.com/user/repo.git
An SSH URL, like git@github.com:user/repo.git
Git associates a remote URL with a name, and your default remote is usually called origin.

Creating remote repositories
You can use the git remote add command to match a remote URL with a name. For example, you'd type the following in the command line:

git remote add origin <REMOTE_URL> 
This associates the name origin with the REMOTE_URL.

You can use the command git remote set-url to change a remote's URL.

Choosing a URL for your remote repository
There are several ways to clone repositories available on GitHub.com.

When you view a repository while signed in to your account, the URLs you can use to clone the project onto your computer are available below the repository details.

For information on setting or changing your remote URL, see "Managing remote repositories."

Cloning with HTTPS URLs
The https:// clone URLs are available on all repositories, regardless of visibility. https:// clone URLs work even if you are behind a firewall or proxy.

When you git clone, git fetch, git pull, or git push to a remote repository using HTTPS URLs on the command line, Git will ask for your GitHub username and password. When Git prompts you for your password, enter your personal access token. Alternatively, you can use a credential helper like Git Credential Manager. Password-based authentication for Git has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods. For more information, see "Creating a personal access token."

If you are accessing an organization that uses SAML SSO and you are using a personal access token (classic), you must also authorize your personal access token to access the organization before you authenticate. For more information, see "About authentication with SAML single sign-on" and "Authorizing a personal access token for use with SAML single sign-on."

Tips:
